---
layout: post
title:  "New Year 2025"
date:   2025-01-05
---

I always write about my previous year around this time of every year. Mostly it is on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/abdnafees/). This year, I want to create a space for long format posts, a bit more serious than LinkedIn because you know how LinkedIn is these days. I also have this idea to create a dataset of all my writings and train an LLM on that dataset to have a timecapsule type experience. 

I can write about what and how I learnt last year i.e, 2024. I don't want to do that. It was a tough one. More tougher than 2017 or 2018. I am going to share what I plan to do this year. Certifications and projects. Vaildate my skills and learning through the only language recruiters and corporate world knows.

Close friends know how much I dislike the corporate world. I come from a rather informal world where rules were defined by the collective needs of the group of people that worked in a shared space. So, surviving in the corporate world doesn't come as easy as it comes to other people. 

Projects matter, obviously. But I have yet to complete one. I have started working on one and I think my wife will be able to help me on the frontend side because I really don't like writing JavaScript. JavaScript is the youngest child whose parents didn't care if they broke their nose or something. It is hell. [Bun](https://bun.sh/) might make things better.

I also plan to strengthen my open source portfolio because as of now I just have 3 PRs. I really enjoy open source work but I have yet to find a project where I can contribure regularly and work within a team. Maybe it's time to take out the [CPython Internals](https://realpython.com/products/cpython-internals-book/) book that I asked my uncle to bring for me from abroad.

This site is in still development phase. I will adding a live comments section, social links, portfolio and maybe link some more stuff to consolidate my online presence.